Dear Admissions Committee
Please accept my wholehearted endorsement of Sashwat Jain’s undergraduate 
application to your institute. I have seen Sashwat manage his varied 
talents, philanthropic endeavours and academic pursuits with consummate 
ease. Few can walk this tight rope as effortlessly as him.
Every teacher in the school would vouch for Sashwat’s earnestness, hard 
work and diligence. He has tirelessly worked towards improving his 
performance and has made a steady progress. He continues to deliver 
academically. He recently won the award for the best research paper at the 
school’s annual science fair.
He is a regular face at various school events. He is an articulate debater 
and has participated in various MUNs. Sashwat is also an accomplished 
guitar player having cleared several trinity exams and performed for the 
local radio. He has also composed a recording for an acclaimed Indian 
playback singer. Furthermore, he has performed on stage and at fundraising 
events to support education of the underprivileged.
Sashwat brought along with him a rich experience in technology and a 
highly enterprising spirit. His Khari Kamai (small business encouragement) 
ventures had already attuned him to the practicalities of planning, 
structuring, and running a small business. He pitched his ideas 
successfully at the TiE Young Entrepreneurs program and learned important 
skills at the GUSEC start-up workshop. Extrapolating from his own 
experience Sashwat started the platform YouthSpot which is meant for 
youngsters to look up contests, seminars, and events happening in their 
locality in order to gain varied experiences and build their resumes.
He could quickly make friends at the new school because of his 
intelligence, empathy and helping nature. He always has a smile on his 
face. Sashwat carries himself with dignity and allows his work to speak 
for him.  He is a good team player and easily slips into any role assigned 
to him. I have seen him handle conflicts with great maturity. He is honest 
but respectful. 
He takes criticism constructively which has helped him evolve into a 
fabulous human being. I have complete faith in his potential to succeed in 
the field of innovation and business. He deserves to be in an environment 
that challenges and enriches him, like the one at your revered institute. 
I wish him the best for a bright future ahead. I will be happy to discuss 
this recommendation further.


