To Whom It may concern
I Kanchan Tandel, am a teacher of Physics at Udgam school Ahmedabad and have known Sashwat for the last 2 years. Sashwat is one of the most positive, enterprising and intelligent young students in my class and I am happy to support his application through this letter.
Sashwat lived up to the optimistic reports received from his previous school and has performed well consistently in this school as well. We tend to score our students strictly in the 11th grade in order to prepare them for board exams and with his grades, he is still among the top 10% in the class. However, Sashwat’s calibre is much beyond the numbers. He is a responsible and attentive learner with a special interest in the area of nuclear physics. His biggest strength is his curiosity and his ability to go to extra miles to satiate it.  He asks pertinent questions and during class discussions, contributes enthusiastically with interesting and insightful inputs. He complements his natural abilities with persistent efforts showing a continuous upward trend.
Sashwat is a hands-on student and blossoms in the lab. He seeks precision and makes astute observations. He is quick to recognise links between theory and its applications. Sashwat’s inclination towards research and excellent analytical skills were brought to my notice when I mentored him for a paper on Nuclear fission. He displayed commendable problem-solving abilities.
Sashwat has keen interest in robotics and its application in Artificial Intelligence. He has garnered significant expertise in Arduino, electrical troubleshooting, and other related programs. He has created several projects including the line-follower, Omni-direction cars, and Plant habitats utilising the same. He plans to make a career in information and technology and I find him investing his time and energies to prepare him better for the same.
Sashwat has a warm and welcoming personality and is always ready to help. Due to his creativity, presence of mind and essential team-building skills he is highly sought-after by his friends while organising various class and school events. He has strong work ethics and shares excellent relations with the school teachers, staff and his peers.
Sashwat’s intelligence, perseverance, technical abilities, and people’s skills equip him well for a successful future in the field of his choosing. I offer him my unreserved support and wish him best.
